hey youtube this is katelyn 300 here
with another minecraft video this is how
to download install toomanyitems for 1.2
point for this is my first time doing it
so i have a link in the description just
click it it will bring you to the
Minecraft Forum my favorite website and
the download is right there and there
will be a button up here don't click any
of these and it says skip ads just click
that all right so you downloaded it all
right here's the folder you get a zip
file and now what we're going to let me
show you what's in the folder you got
all of these dot classes we're going to
use all them so we're going to go to
finder click library application support
and then minecraft so then you go into
your bin file and see this as dot jar
and it's not a file on windows you can
use winrar on mac i'll show you a simple
trick just go to get info this is the
easiest way make it dot zip enter and
you want to use the dot zip then you
want to double click the dot zip and
it'll make a folder so delete that dot
zip so this is going to be your new
minecraft.jar file so then you're going
to get info again click this call it
minecraft.jar like i just said not car
huh press add so now you get your
Minecraft folder double-click it there's
only of your classes before you do
anything click kind it helps to bring
the folders up to the top and there's
this one folder meta if delete it okay
so now you can open this and I'm
even gonna bother to copy but you can
copy all of these I'm just going to drag
them over press replace so there we go
I'm going to open minecraft
okay I'm just going to create a quick
new world sorry i forgot to create one i
just downloaded it this is it just came
out so yeah
okay here we are in a brand-new world
clicky and there you go there's all your
stuff you need different saves and I'm
going to go ahead and show you a cool
feature on this um right here it says
creative mode is off and i like to turn
that on because then you know i can fly
and stuff but most of all you can't die
so that's nice um let me look in too
many items see if we have all I knew
where items yep we have all the new
items new potions we got fire charge and
that bottle of our champion and we have
all the eggs so yeah that's how you
still too many items for EM for
Minecraft one point two point four
thanks for watching subscribe and like